Update changelog (#2662)
livebook-dev/livebook: CHANGELOG.md

* Cell evaluation time to also show when the cell is stale or aborted
* Changed the behaviour of `__DIR__` when the notebook has no explicit file, so that it points to the autosave location (and not `"."`) ([#2529](https://github.com/livebook-dev/livebook/pull/2529))
* Removed the invalid ":" character from Livebook cookie names. This change invalidates existing session data, such as user name and cursor color ([#2539](https://github.com/livebook-dev/livebook/pull/2539))
* Apps to respect automatically reevaluating cells ([#2569](https://github.com/livebook-dev/livebook/pull/2569))
* Renamed "hubs" to "workspaces" ([#2574](https://github.com/livebook-dev/livebook/pull/2574))
* (Desktop) Running without requiring EPMD ([#2591](https://github.com/livebook-dev/livebook/pull/2591))
* Code cells are no longer formatted on save ([#2605](https://github.com/livebook-dev/livebook/pull/2605))
* Livebook within Docker to bind to IPv6 by default

> * Bumped Elixir and Erlang versions in the Docker image and the desktop app

Author: ```suggestion
* Bumped versions to Elixir 1.17.0 and OTP 27 in the Docker image and the desktop app
```
